---
title: I'm a Software Engineer
date: 2022-08-31
publish: yes
tags: coding
  engineering
...

# What's it like to work for a top company?

Have you ever wondered what it's actually like to work for a "top tech company"?
Well, here's my experience.

As always, any opinions expressed in this post are my own.

## First year high-level

Here's my first year at Bloomberg broken down at a high level.

### Months 1-3

Sep, Oct, Nov

- pre-start: set up laptop and misc stuff
- day 1: orientation, meet manager and pre-training team, meet mentor on team
- week 1: get integrated with the team and start writing code
- set up a caching system
- start 3-month training program for entry-level engineers

### Months 4-6

Dec, Jan, Feb

- finish training program
- go back to team for a bit
- do `C++` training program for a few weeks
- get back to team
- set up part of an access-control system

### Months 7-9

Mar, Apr, May

- keep doing projects with my team
- set up testing infrastructure for our main backend service
- i feel more comfortable doing work in the office
- start doing more volunteering

### Months 10-12

Jun, Jul, Aug

- keep doing projects with my team
- get more integrated/understanding with everything my team owns
- continue volunteering
- getting involved with UMD campus recruiting
- looking into mentorship
- looking into becoming an interviewer

## Low-level thoughts

As I continue working on my team, I gain more understanding of what we do and how everything we own works together.
I predict this is a typical experience of new software engineers.
As I learn and understand more, my team is more willing to give me responsibility, so I get to _do_ more stuff.
I quite enjoy gaining responsibility.

I work from home most days, but go into office once or twice a week.
Surprisingly, I don't mind the office open floorplan.
I find zoom meetings a bit obnoxious, due to external microphone noise, while in-office, but only sometimes.
The office pantries are stocked with good snacks, and the company has been enticing people to return with free lunch.
I know some people don't like the lunch, however I like saving money so I appreciate the food (plus, it's tasty enough for me).

In my opinion, I was in training for too long.
That's not to say that the training program was _bad_ -- in fact, I thought it was well-done.
The teachers were top-class, and they did a good job reaching an audience of university grads, bootcamp grads, and lower-experience industry transfers.
But for me personally, the training was too long.
On my team, we don't use a lot of the tools taught during training.
I've basically had to re-learn what I learned during training _anyway_ if we do end up using those tools.

I find that software development includes significantly more than just writing code.
Other things include:
talking with product owners and UX/VX,
sitting in meetings,
chatting with teammates,
solving problems with teammates,
lunch,
planning out work,
reading/writing documentation,
talking with other teams,
and lots of other miscellaneous tasks.

All that being said -- I've been very pleased with my time so far.
The company has treated me well, and everyone on my team is pleasant to work with.
Hard to complain when you have it this good.
